# Features

Below is the incomplete list of features that are supported by the library. Other features and samples can be found in
the [tutorials](/references/tutorials) section.

## Several providers

The library leverages the [social-core](https://github.com/python-social-auth/social-core)
authentication [backends](https://github.com/python-social-auth/social-core/tree/master/social_core/backends), which
means it supports all the providers that are supported by it. However, if the provider you are interested in does not
exist in the list, you can add one by following
the [documentation](https://python-social-auth.readthedocs.io/en/latest/backends/implementation.html).

## SSR & REST APIs

It is compatible with both SSR and REST APIs. It means you can integrate it into your FastAPI templates and REST APIs.
By default, the `enable_ssr` parameter of the primary [configuration](/integration/configuration#oauth2config) is set
to `True`, which means that the application uses server-side rendering using Jinja2 templates and saves the access token
in the cookies. If you want to use it in your REST APIs, you should set the `enable_ssr` parameter to `False` and save
the access token on the client side.

## CSRF protection

CSRF protection is enabled by default which means when the user opens the `/oauth2/{provider}/authorize` endpoint it
redirects to the authorization endpoint of the IDP with an autogenerated `state` parameter and saves it in the session
storage. After authorization, when the `/oauth2/{provider}/token` callback endpoint gets called with the
provided `state`, the `oauthlib` validates it and then redirects to the `redirect_uri`.

## PKCE support

PKCE can be enabled by providing the `code_challenge` and `code_challenge_method` parameters to
the `/oauth2/{provider}/authorize` endpoint. Then, after the authorization passes, the `code_verifier` should be
provided to the `/oauth2/{provider}/token` endpoint to complete the authentication process.

<style>
.tip {
  border: 0;
}
</style>
